Update microsoft-teams-rooms-configure-servicenow.md (#10428)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/microsoft-teams-rooms-configure-servicenow.md

### Teams Rooms prerequisites

- You must have an assigned Service Administrator role. For more information, see [Role-based access control with Microsoft Teams Rooms Pro Management](rooms-pro-rbac.md).

> - Please note that the ServiceNow API is not currently available for GCC customers. We are reviewing solutions to enable this in government clouds. For integration with your ITSM workflow, it is recommended that customers consider using email notifications and your ITSM email ingest features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please note that the ServiceNow API is not currently available for GCC customers. We are reviewing solutions to enable this in government clouds. For integration with your ITSM workflow, we recommend that you consider using email notifications and your ITSM email ingest features.
```
